README.md, before:

![popping](https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/19150300/Github/Popping/popping.png)

Popping is a collection of animation examples for iOS apps. Almost all of them were created using the Facebook [pop](https://github.com/facebook/pop) animation engine. It should inspire you to create some great looking UIs to delight people who use your app.

![popping](https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/19150300/Github/Popping/popping.gif)

Watch [this video](https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/19150300/Github/Popping/popping.mp4) to see all animations in action.

## Get your hands dirty

Clone or download the repository, build and run and start playing with the animations.

## Are you interested in some Classes?

Great! Just let me know what classes you'd like to use and I will create a library and release it as a [CocoaPod](http://cocoapods.org).

## Contact

I would love to get some feedback, ideas for improvements or new animations that should be included in this project.

I would also greatly appreciate if you follow me on [twitter](http://twitter.com/aschndr).

## Author

André Schneider, [@aschndr](http://twitter.com/aschndr)

Commit message:

Add Folding Animation video as a link.

README.md, after:

![popping](https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/19150300/Github/Popping/popping.png)

Popping is a collection of animation examples for iOS apps. Almost all of them were created using the Facebook [pop](https://github.com/facebook/pop) animation engine. It should inspire you to create some great looking UIs to delight people who use your app.

![popping](https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/19150300/Github/Popping/popping.gif)

Watch [this video](https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/19150300/Github/Popping/popping.mp4) to see all animations in action. In addition, [here](http://cl.ly/WffM/popping-folding-animation.mp4) is the video of the folding animation that was added later.

## Get your hands dirty

Clone or download the repository, build and run and start playing with the animations.

## Are you interested in some Classes?

Great! Just let me know what classes you'd like to use and I will create a library and release it as a [CocoaPod](http://cocoapods.org).

## Contact

I would love to get some feedback, ideas for improvements or new animations that should be included in this project.

I would also greatly appreciate if you follow me on [twitter](http://twitter.com/aschndr).

## Author

André Schneider, [@aschndr](http://twitter.com/aschndr)
